I'll be reviewing the GoPro hero3 wrist
mount this mountain is really practical
for carrying your GoPro around with you
anywhere you go and not having it really
get in the way it's also great for doing
any type of water sports since it does
come equipped with the underwater
housing I specifically it got this mount
for surfing and at the end of this video
I will show you some of the footage a
shot with it also this is something that
will take some practice to get used to
all right now I'm going to show you the
different parts that it comes with okay
so these are all the parts that comes
with straight out of the box and
basically what we have here is a little
skeleton backdoor for if you don't want
to use it in the water as a extended
back door in case you have an extra pack
in the back or something just the
regular like water housing which is
something that's different about this as
opposed to a regular one is it actually
a opens from the bottom rather than the
top you got me the actual wrist strap
here then yeah these two little guys
you've got this ring and then this
velcro strap you can use either one this
one's obviously gonna be a little more
sturdy but this one allows you to flop
the GoPro up on your wrist straight up
like this so it's just really a matter
of preference so I'll put this one on
for now just to show you that okay so
all you really need to make this thing
work or these three pieces right here
the strap the housing and either the
velcro strap or the soil ring and the
first thing you're going to want to do
is take the strap there's a little
velcro spot right here and you want to
open up you want to put the ring in here
with the hook facing outwards and the
next thing you're going to want to do is
this little guy right here through the
bottom of the camera and then see see
right through this little thing right
here then you want to take it through
here tighten it down now next what you
can do with this or the velcro strap is
you just hook it on right there
so keep the camera nice and
take care and then you just want to put
it on your wrist
and tighten it down and then you can see
right here well hook will grab on to
this that will keep it nice and secure
on your wrist and what this little hook
does as opposed to the other one is that
it allows you to unclip it and then you
can stand the camera straight up such as
this and something you might need or
actually is some rubber bands there's
something to keep it from being all
floppy and stuff I'm not sure why they
built that into the design but some you
can do stuff to work around it
you